add hybrid search skill (#45)
qdrant/skills: skills/qdrant-search-quality/search-strategies/SKILL.md

- Start with `diversity=0.5`, lower for more precision, higher for more exploration
- MMR is slower than standard search. Only use when redundancy is an actual problem.

> ## Have Good (and Bad) Examples of Results, and Want Them to Affect Search

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Want to improve search results based on examples (positive and negative)
```
